Alright, así que vamos a mirar algunos
ejemplos de verbos irregulares, ok?
Te recuerda que son los verbos que para
el pasado no le ponemos ed.
Por ejemplo, get, got, gotten.
Get, got, gotten.
Sarah hopes to get good grades.
She got an A in math.
She's gotten more confident with each test.
Number two, know, knew, known.
Know, knew, known.
Jack wants to know everything.
Last week he knew all the answers in trivia.
He's known as the smart guy ever since.
Think, thought, thought.
Think, thought.
Las dos últimas son la misma palabra
.
Mary likes to think before acting.
She thought long and hard before her decision.
About her decision.
She's thought about it every day since.